1. Group number: 29

2. Student (Name Surname numbers)

	Davide Quaranta 1715742
	Alessio Tullio 1809077
	Edoardo Gabrielli 1693726

3. Initial brainstorming (where you write your considerations about what to do and how)

	After a brief introduction to the network topology and the tools used to handle 
	the machines (Proxmox), we reasoned all togheter in depth on the ways to better
	configure the network. 
	The best solution appeared to be the step by step approach: i.e. starting from 
	configuring the main router, then the neighbour subnetwork (External and DMZ), 
	finally the internal firewall with the Internal and Clients network.
	For the procedures we choose to follow the one described in the assignment, 
	since the proposed tool appeared to work properly to succesfully complete all
	the requests.

4.	Setup of the infrastructure for IPv6 addressing (here you should detail the 
	steps you’ve done to properly setup all the hosts. You should also include 
	details and explanation about the network structure you opted for and any 
	difficulties you’ve faced and –hopefully– solved)


	a) Main router
	
		Using the opnsense platform we configured all the interfaces. For 
		all of them we enabled the prevent interface removal, removed the
		block bogon and block for private, due to the private addresses we 
		are using for our network.

	The following rules are specific setting for each interface.
		 
	WAN interface
		ipv6 configuration type:	dhcpv6
		configuration mode:		basic
		prefix delegation size:		56

		with this setting, the main router ask the ISP for a prefix 
		delegation of a /56 subnet.		
	
	The router will create /64 addresses to assign to the following interface
	combining the prefix delegated with the the prefix ID specified in each
	interface.
	
	DMZ interfaces:
		ipv6 configuration type:	track interface
		ipv6 interface:			WAN
		ipv6 prefix ID:			0xd		
	
	EXTERNAL_CLIENTS interface:
		ipv6 configuration type:	track interface
		ipv6 interface:			WAN
		ipv6 prefix ID:			0xe		

	INTERNAL interface:
		ipv6 configuration type:	track interface
		ipv6 interface:			WAN
		ipv6 prefix ID:			0x0		

	

5.	DNS configuration

6.	Evaluation of the security policy

7.	Policy implementation in opnsense

8.	Test of configuration

9.	Final remarks
